README.md, before:

# nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][npm-url]
[![Twitter Follow][twitter-image]][twitter-url]

[npm-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/v/nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap.svg
[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap
[downloads-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap.svg
[twitter-image]:https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/xmr_nkr.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20me
[twitter-url]:https://twitter.com/xmr_nkr

{N} + Angular directive for debouncing taps and adding animated feedback to the interaction.

## Installation

```
tns plugin add nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap
```

## Usage 

### Import the module in your app module

```typescript
import { NgDebounceTapModule } from 'nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap';

@NgModule({
    imports: [
        NgDebounceTapModule,
        // ...
    ],
    // ...
})
export class MyModule { }
```

### Then use it in your templates like so

```xml
 <Label text="Hello World!" 
        ngDebounceTap 
        [delay]="320"
        [anim]="'composite'" 
        [scale]="1.06" 
        (debounceTap)="hello()"></Label>
```

## API
    
| Property | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| delay | number | 300 | The time between each processed tap in milliseconds. |
| anim | string | n/a | The way the interaction is to be animated. Possible values: 'composite', 'opacity', 'scale'. Scale => The element is magnified and returned to its original state. Opacity => The element has its opacity dropped to 0.6 and then returns to normal, like TouchableOpacity in React Native (not the values, the behavior). Composite => Performs both animations symultaneously. |
| scale | number | 1.2 | The scale to use when magnifying the element. Set this in order to keep the animation as seamless as possible. |
| debounceTap | EventEmitter<ElementRef> | n/a | The event that is emitted when a tap is processed. The $event variable will have a reference to the element that was tapped (as an ElementRef). In case the scale animation is not your thing you can set [anim] to false and make one that suits you in this callback yourself. |

## License

Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004

Commit message:

Added opacity customization for the animation - Made a new, much nicer demo.

README.md, after:

# nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][npm-url]
[![Twitter Follow][twitter-image]][twitter-url]

[npm-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/v/nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap.svg
[npm-url]:https://npmjs.org/package/nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap
[downloads-image]:http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap.svg
[twitter-image]:https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/xmr_nkr.svg?style=social&label=Follow%20me
[twitter-url]:https://twitter.com/xmr_nkr

{N} + Angular directive for debouncing taps and adding animated feedback to the interaction.

## Installation

```
tns plugin add nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap
```

## Usage 

### Import the module in your app module

```typescript
import { NgDebounceTapModule } from 'nativescript-ngx-debounce-tap';

@NgModule({
    imports: [
        NgDebounceTapModule,
        // ...
    ],
    // ...
})
export class MyModule { }
```

### Then use it in your templates like so

```xml
 <Label text="Hello World!" 
        ngDebounceTap 
        [delay]="320"
        [anim]="'composite'" 
        [scale]="1.06" 
        [opacity]="0.2" 
        (debounceTap)="hello()"></Label>
```

### Do check out the demo for a quickstart

![Screenshot portrait](demo/app/assets/screenshot.png)

## API
    
| Property | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| delay | number | 300 | The time between each processed tap in milliseconds. |
| anim | string | n/a | The way the interaction is to be animated. Possible values: 'composite', 'opacity', 'scale'. Scale => The element is magnified and returned to its original state. Opacity => The element has its opacity dropped to 0.6 and then returns to normal, like TouchableOpacity in React Native (not the values, the behavior). Composite => Performs both animations symultaneously. |
| scale | number | 1.2 | The scale to use when magnifying the element. Set this in order to keep the animation as seamless as possible. |
| opacity | number | 0.6 | The opacity used to animate the interaction. Set it to your liking, the default value can be hard to see on some scenarios so keep that in mind! |
| debounceTap | EventEmitter<ElementRef> | n/a | The event that is emitted when a tap is processed. The $event variable will have a reference to the element that was tapped (as an ElementRef). In case the scale animation is not your thing you can set [anim] to false and make one that suits you in this callback yourself. |

## Changelog

1.2.0 - Added the opacity @Input property to the directive for further customization.
1.1.0 - Added opacity animation as an option.
1.0.0 - Initial implementation

## License

Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004
